Question: What do your day-to-day work tasks usually look like?
Answer: it varies from day to day, most days it involves writing research papers, calls with teams to develop research (develop ideas, plan studies, ...), prepare and deliver teaching, a lot of administrative task, organizing, attending meetings, attending conferences etc.

Question: How do you incorporate generative AI into tasks like writing research papers or preparing teaching materials, and how has it impacted your workflow or creativity in these areas?
Answer: i use it for grammatical and language checks, and to generate nice pictures for slides and teaching materials. or for helping to write linkedin posts

Question: How do you decide when to rely on GenAI for tasks like grammatical checks or generating pictures, and are there instances where you choose to handle these tasks without it?
Answer: i use GENAi in writing papers when i'm stuck, that is i recognise the wording is bad but i don't know how to improve it. then i move to GEN AI upload a sentence or a paragrph and ask it to improve the language. i use it for generating pictures when i have time, because i know that generating pictures takes time.  i tend to use it frequently to improve my Linkedin posts, because it just reads much better

Question: How have you found the process of learning to use GenAI and integrating it into your workflow, especially when it comes to tasks like improving language in your writing or generating images?
Answer: i found it rather easy

Question: How does using GenAI compare to other digital tools you use in terms of the mental effort required to get it to do what you want?
Answer: difficult to say, it depends on the type of GENAi

Question: How do you feel emotionally when using GenAI in your work, especially during those times when it helps you improve your language or create images, or even when it might not meet your expectations?
Answer: generally GENAi is useful. though i found it quite frustrating when trying to generate images becuase teh AI tends to misunderstand my prompts

Question: What emotions do you experience when GenAI meets your expectations in tasks like language improvement, and how do those feelings compare to when it falls short, like with image generation?
Answer: when it meets my expectations i feel great. when it doesn't work, i think its frustrating

Question: Given your experiences with GenAI, how do you perceive its ability to adapt to new tasks in your work, and do you feel it learns and improves over time?
Answer: I'm not sure it improves much

Question: How do you feel about the reliability and accuracy of GenAI's outputs in your work, and can you share any specific instances where it either met your expectations or fell short?
Answer: outputs always need checking. reliabilty and accuracy isn't to be taken for granted, even though I prompt it to emphasize these aspects.

Question: How do you think about GenAI in terms of having its own preferences or tendencies, and have you ever felt like it behaves in a way that seems human-like or emotionally aware during your interactions?
Answer: it sometimes offers feedback and encourgement, when it does, it does feel human-like

Question: How do you think the human-like feedback and encouragement you receive from GenAI affects your trust in its capabilities, especially when you're using it for important tasks?
Answer: it doesn't affect my trust in it.

Question: How do you see the potential risks or barriers to using GenAI more broadly in your work, especially considering your mixed experiences with it?
Answer: it has its uses for pre-defined tasks, it always needs rechecking and correcting. i'll use it more once i can trust its reliablity more and when I feel more certain that it has fewer biases.

Question: How do you envision GenAI could evolve to address your concerns about reliability and bias, and what impact do you think these changes would have on your willingness to incorporate it into more tasks at work?
Answer: if it evolves, i'll use it more. but I think it will take time because the incentives for the people developing it.

Question: Looking ahead, what would help you feel more confident about when and how to use GenAI in your work?
Answer: it being more accurate and easier to use

Question: Is there anything else about your experiences or expectations with GenAI that we haven't covered?
Answer: no, it really depends on the AI tool

